And with these reminders in mind, let's switch
gears. As Tim mentioned, we're going to talk about some of
the SEC priorities that we saw from a disclosure review
program perspective. Ellen, I remember reading the statement
made by Director Girding earlier this year, and I was hoping
that you could. Share with us some of those takeaways from
the statement. Ellen Russo: Hi, everybody. Thank you,
Megan. I'm happy to be here with you all today to share
insights about the Division of Corporation and Finance and
where they're focusing their comments and their reviews so
that you can identify some areas where you might want to
revisit your disclosures and maybe make some adjustments so
you can avoid comments in the upcoming filing season. So as
Megan mentioned, in June of 2024, Director Girding did issue
a statement about the importance of the. Disclosure review
program and top areas of comment and emerging areas of focus
for 20/23 as well as 2024 priorities for the division. And
we're going to touch on each of those today. So as we
move to the next slide, we first wanted to give a preview
about what to expect about comment letter topics. And as
you'll see for those who attended our presentation last
year, a lot of these themes are going to be this similar
they a lot of them. Haven't changed a lot of areas where the
SEC is commenting are the same types of areas as last year.
So there will you'll notice some common themes here.
Director Girding did highlight emerging areas of focus of
2023 which are summarized here on this slide. Reading from
left to right, starting with market disruptions in the
banking industry which began as we all know in the spring of
2023, the staff is reminding registrants to update their
disclosures related to interest rate risk and. Next,
moving over to cyber security risks, which we're going to
talk a good bit about today. Discussions related to impacts
of inflation, which maybe inflation is down a little bit.
The Director is encouraging registrants to really update
their disclosures and focus on the entity specific risks and
impacts that are currently now in place, newly adopted
rules. We're going to discuss more on the next slide. And
continued monitoring of disclosures related for companies
with operations in the People's Republic of China. And
specifically, disclosures about material risks from
operations in that state as well as government interference
and maybe exercising excess control and disclosures related
to that in filings. And these topics are emerging from the
2023 review season. We do expect to see continued focus in
2024 and we're going to dive more into each of these in
today's webcast. So moving to the next slide, Director
Girding also highlighted the priorities for the 2024 season.
These aren't necessarily new topics. We have seen comments
on these things in recent years and there is some overlap
from the emerging areas of focus from 2023 that you'll
notice as the SEC is really continuing to focus on where
disclosures can be improved in these areas. So starting on
the left of the slide, we do expect the SEC as focused to
continue on judgmental topics and newly adopted standards
and rules such as segment reporting and. With ASU 20/23/07,
which we're going to talk about today, compliance with non
gap rules and regulations and the critical accounting
estimate discussions in MDNA. And in addition to cyber
security that we've mentioned compliance with the new
clawback rules, the SPAC rules and pay versus performance. A
newer topic that we're going to be we're starting to see
noted at the top right of the slide is potential exposure
due to changes in the commercial real estate market from
interest. Exposure or high alone delinquencies and also
higher vacancy rates. And I skipped the bottom middle of the
slide, but it really shouldn't come as any surprise to
anybody here on the call today. There will be a new focus in
artificial intelligence or AI and we're going to dive deeper
into all of these today.